Correct solving js problems link text, description (#25248)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/index.md

## Solving common JavaScript problems

> [Solve common problems in your JavaScript code](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Howto) provides links to common problems you may encounter when writing JavaScript and their solutions.

Reviewer: 2nd opinion. I don't think I would have questioned this, but when the issue is laid out this way I agree with @wbamberg. I do like that the link text now matches the title of the linked topic.

@wbamberg Given the root problem is that the linked topic is effectively mixed-content, another option is to expand out this text to cover both the cases in the linked document - something like:

```suggestion
[Solve common problems in your JavaScript code](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Howto) provides a little advice on how to avoid common beginner Javascript programming mistakes, along with many helpful links to topics that  show how to solve common JavaScript programming problems.
```
